 
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
Cyber Incident Response 
Document Review Protocol 
 
 
 

Cognicion Cyber Incident Response PI Review Protocol     
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
1 
Introduction 
 
The purpose of this review is to capture personal information (PI) contained in the relevant records to 
generate reporting in compliance with the notice obligations for each jurisdiction .  The data has been 
pre-searched for terms that are indicative of PI relevant to notice obligations.  Reviewers will manually 
scan the document, utilizing the search hit information for each document, to determine if relevant PI is 
included in the record.  If included, the reviewer will log the information about the individual whose PI is 
contained in the record and the type of sensitive PI based on the protocol below. 
 
Jurisdictional Considerations 
 
The review team needs to consider whether the document contains US or non-US data.   
 
If the document contains non-US data, the review team should capture any Data Subject information if 
the document contains at least one (1) of the PI types listed below.   
 
However, US-based Data Subjects should only be captured if (1) a name is present, in combination with 
one of the PI types listed below or (2) in the case of email address, if the email address is in combination 
with a password or security question and answer.   
 
If it is unclear whether the relevant data subject is US-based or non -US-based, capture all of the 
information described in the protocol below, regardless of whether a name is present  (i.e., treat the 
individual as a non-US data subject for purposes of completing the review).  
 
For non-US data, in the absence of a Data Subject’s first or last names, please capture the name(s) as 
“[Unknown]” and enter any relevant identifying information such as Government -Issued Identification 
Number and issuing country, Date of Birth, Residential Address, etc. 
 
For US data, in the absence of a Data Subject’s name, capture as “[Unknown]” only if SSN, Tax ID, or 
Other Government ID is present. 
 
Relevant PI Types for Data Capture 
 
A. Government-Issued Identification (e.g., Known Traveler Numbers (KTN) or Global Entry 
Numbers, Social Insurance number, National Insurance Number, etc.). Please include if there 
is any of the following: (1) a photocopy or image of a government-issued ID card (e.g., Social 
Security card, passport, driver’s license, etc.), (2) a full unredacted government-issued ID 
number (e.g., full Social Security number), or (3) a partial government-issued ID number (i.e., 
with 5 or more digits available). 
i. Social Security Number (SSN) 
ii. Passport number  
iii. Driver’s license number 
iv. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
v. National ID/National Insurance Number 
Cognicion Cyber Incident Response PI Review Protocol     
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
2 
vi. Alien Registration Number 
vii. Military ID Number 
viii. Tribal ID Number 
ix. Other government -issued identification number –  Please specify in the 
Comments/Notes field 
x. Copy of government-issued ID 
B. Birth Information 
i. Full Date of Birth (i.e., month, day, and year) 
ii. Copy of Birth Certificate 
C. Contact Information 
i. Personal phone number (home) 
ii. Personal phone number (mobile) 
iii. Personal email address 
iv. Home address 
D. Financial Account Information 
i. Transactional information 
ii. Financial account number 
1. Full credit or debit card number  
2. Full bank account number 
3. Loan number 
4. Other – please specify in the Comments/Notes field  
iii. Bank account balance 
iv. Payment (credit or debit) card expiration date 
v. Payment (credit or debit) card security code 
vi. Financial Account access credentials 
1. Username or Email w/ Password or Security Answer that would permit access 
to an online account (only mark responsive if a password or security answer is 
included, and do not include temporary passwords such as one -time login 
codes) 
a. Please specify the type of account in the Comments/Notes field (if 
known) 
2. Security Question & Answer 
3. PIN (not including temporary passwords such as one-time login codes) 
E. Access Credentials (Non-Financial Account) 
i. Username or Email w/ Password or Security Answer that would permit access to an 
online account (only mark responsive if a password or security answer is included) 
1. Please specify the type of account in the Comments/Notes field (if known) 
ii. Security Answer 
iii. PIN 
F. Health-Related Information 
i. Medical history 
ii. Mental or physical condition 
iii. Medical treatment or diagnosis 
iv. Health Insurance Information 
Cognicion Cyber Incident Response PI Review Protocol     
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
3 
1. Insurance policy number 
2. Subscriber identification number 
3. Other unique identifier used by insurance company to identify the individual  
4. Application information 
5. Information related to health insurance transactions  
6. Claims information or history 
7. Appeals records 
8. Other – Please specify in the Comments/Notes field 
v. Other – Please specify in the Comments/Notes field 
G. Biometric Data  
i. Fingerprint 
ii. Voice Print 
iii. Genetic Print 
iv. Retina/ Iris Image 
v. DNA Profiles 
vi. Other – Please specify in the Comments/ Notes field 
H. Family Information 
i. Mother’s Maiden Name 
ii. Copy of Marriage Certificate 
I. Demographic Information 
i. Race/ Ethnicity 
ii. Sexual Orientation 
iii. Religion / Philosophical Beliefs 
iv. Criminal Convictions and Offenses 
v. Trade Union Membership 
vi. Other – Please specify in the Comments/Notes field 
J. Student-Related Information 
i. Student Identification Number 
K. Work-Related Information 
i. Employee Identification Number 
ii. Salary or Compensation Information 
iii. Work-Related Evaluation 
iv. Disciplinary Record or Report 
v. Worker’s Compensation Claims Information 
vi. Employment Application Information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cognicion Cyber Incident Response PI Review Protocol     
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
4 
Other Review Considerations 
If applicable, p lease classify the Data Subject based on client relationship  (Employee or Employee – 
Family Member). If the client relationship is not clear, please leave this field blank. 
 
 
 
Review Layout 
 
Reviewers will be using the Data Entry coding layout to capture relevant Data Subject information. 
 
 
 
Review Fields 
 
If the document does not contain any notifiable PI regarding a Data Subject, is in a Foreign Language with 
non-roman characters, or the document is illegible due to poor image quality, please select the 
applicable choice and move onto the next document.   
 
Please select Further Review –  51+ Entities if your document contains more than 50 entities, as these 
documents will be extracted using an alternate workflow.   
 
 
 
Data Capture 
 
Creating Data Subjects 
If the document contains PI, please create a data subject profile by  selecting “New” and entering the 
Relevant Information regarding this individual.   
 

Cognicion Cyber Incident Response PI Review Protocol     
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
5 
 
 
Data Capture Fields 
We have created the following fields to capture any relevant Data Subject information: 
• Text fields: 
o Data Subject Information 
 Name fields: 
• Last Name 
• First Name 
• Middle Name 
• Suffix 
 
Note: for non-US data, if no name is available, please capture the Data Subject Name as 
“[Unknown]" in both the First Name and Last Name fields. 
 
 Additional fields captured for deduplication purposes: 
• Birth Information 
o Date of Birth (MM/DD/YYYY) 
 
• Government-Issued Identification 
o SSN (000-00-0000) 
o Tax Identification Number 
o Passport Number 
o Passport Country 
o Driver’s License Number 
o Driver’s License Issuing Authority 
 DL Issuing Country 
 DL Issuing Province (if Canada) 
 DL Issuing State (if US) 
o Government ID Number 
o Government ID Country 
 
 

Cognicion Cyber Incident Response PI Review Protocol     
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
6 
• Work-Related Information 
o Employee Identification Number 
  
 
o Contact Information 
 Residential Address 
 City 
 State of Residence (if US) 
 Province of Residence (if Canada) 
 Country of Residence 
 Zip Code 
 Phone Number 
 Email Address – Personal 
 
 
 
• Choice Fields: 
o For all applicable PI categories, please select the specific elements that were impacted 
for each data subject 
 
 
 
o PI Elements 
 PI Type  
• Contact Information 
• Government-Issued Identification 
• Birth Information 
• Health-Related Information 
• Financial Account Information 
• Access Credentials (Non-Financial Account) 
• Biometric Data 
• Demographic Information 
• Family Information 
• Student-Related Information 

Cognicion Cyber Incident Response PI Review Protocol     
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
7 
• Work-Related Information 
 PI Notes 
 
o Contact Information 
 
 
o Government-Issued Identification 
 
 
 
o Birth & Health Information 
 

Cognicion Cyber Incident Response PI Review Protocol     
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
8 
 
 
o Financial Account & Access Information 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Cognicion Cyber Incident Response PI Review Protocol     
 
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL 
ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT 
 
 
9 
 
 
o Demographic, Family & Work Information 
 
 
Editing Data Subjects 
To edit information about a Data Subject, select the pencil icon next to the individual’s name.  A pop-up 
window will appear with all Data Subject Information fields. 
 
 
 
 
Unlinking Data Subjects 
To unlink a Data Subject, select the box next to the individual’s name and select the “Unlink” button. 
 
 
